>>> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
Combining and processing the styles of Colum McCann, Ciaran, Claire, Lara, Phillipe, José?, The Kid, Tillie, Solomon, Adelita, Gloria, and Jaslyn...

All at once in a glass of water. Yes, he’s saluting us, screaming at him “and I kept hoping maybe somebody would be. ”This is not sure now whether it is in the air. ”They wore red high heels and hair combed high. ”The cops put the pole was fifty five percent pay cut. ”I couldn’t stand all these events in motion and all of them, he thought. ”The balance of talon and wing gaze to the roof. ”Instead of asking her to get him in the brown of her feet. ”

>>> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
Combining and processing the styles of Colum McCann, Ciaran, Claire, Lara, Phillipe, José?, The Kid, Tillie, Solomon, Adelita, Gloria, and Jaslyn...

Place, take orders, make an impression in his morphine haze. He stopped and went on in the hard leather seats, examined the men sat outside the lobby, there were no more. She notices, as if it was as if the streets clicked by. Girders in strange shapes how close are they? Seventy yards or so, you keep your mouth, his whole body shot through with lightness. As if asking, what his body more pliable. He nodded, went to a museum curator who came towards her bedroom. “Well,that’s what they didn’t get the ceiling wood looked like the idea of why. ”

>>> 1 5
Combining and processing the styles of Colum McCann and Phillipe...

Left the city but seldom out of there. That was too far down the snow he allowed that sort of floating. He hit it on the corner of church and dey gathered under the wire could tighten and bounce. It was dangerous to leave the hosts that he would slide it from the core. He paused there a moment later she winged down toward them, pushed his body at the guests, switched seats, handcuffs on. The tourists lapped it up, was he wearing a uniform, did he walk in the windows of the south tower was still unoccupied, nursed in scaffold said, they really wanted to remain he might just take off a man’s head clean off in midflight. He had wrapped rubber tubing around its center to keep his body was at ease.

>>> 4 6 7 8 10 11
Combining and processing the styles of Lara, José?, The Kid, Tillie, Adelita, and Gloria...

Of crazy shit written on his retina, an afterburn, all the right to be someone different. I ain’t whining hands on purpose burned straight through to the bronx, Claire, but I didn’t, not so much the crash, a hollowness to my car behind you will follow the path dipped through the remaining hookers. He was a famous player found out later he was crawling, was the sort all she had a hundred other paint spots. Slamming downtown, through the computer was spitting out a little higher on his wheelchair with stickers. Nixon resigned, I stepped past my college mates, terrified. We didn’t believe it at first the table and gave a smile on his shoes being tossed near the grave. They’re a comment of some sorts, something cinematic hauled from memory.
